This file documents the local user facility in WASE.

WASE is designed to work with LDAP or SHIBBOLETH or CAS systems to authenticate and identify users.  If you are not running an LDAP 
or SHIBBOLETH or CAS server, and you have a very limited set of users, you can use a facility that allows you 
to maintain a table of users and their passwords (along with a limited set of directory information about these users).

This facility consists in a set of rows, one per authenticating user. 

The table consists of the following fields:

userid			a text field that stores the login userid
password		a text field that stores the password for the user
displayname		a text field that stores the user's full name
mail			a text field that stores the user's email address
street			a text field that stores the user's office address
telephonenumber	a text field that stores the user's telephone number

Note that these field names correspond to the values of the LDAP attributes in the waseParmsSystem.yml file, so do not change them unless
you also change the field names in the waseParmsSystem.yml file. 

The admin directory contains a script, register.php, which you can use to maintain this table.

https://wase.princeton.edu/yourinstitution/admin/register.php

You must login as a super-user or as a user with the REGISTER_USERS privilege (set in your local waseParmsCustom.yml file, using the parms script).

To use this facility, invoke the register.php script, then enter one ore more users into the table.  The only required field values are the userid and password.
The other values are used as defaults when the user edits their calendar and/or makes appointments.  The script lets you search for, update and delete users.

When a user goes to login in (and you are not using LDAP or SHIB or CAS), WASE will look up the user in the WaseUser table and, if found, compare
their entered password with the password stored in the table.  

If you are using LDAP for authentication, you can also use the local password facility to create "private" WASE users.  If WASE is unable 
to locate a user in LDAP, it will try to find them in the WaseUser table, so you can create a set of private WASE users by making entries 
in this table.  This will not work if you are using CAS or SHIB for authentication (because WASE invokes CAS or SHIB before it checks the
local user table). 

